I went to the manager of Yunhai Hotel and checked
Miss Song has been working at Yunhai Hotel
I also checked the time sheet
It was indeed him who was on duty on the night of the 25th of last month
He is your savior
I signed the attendance sheet that night
Just let the name work for me
When we went to pick someone up
A half jade pendant symbolizing the heir of the Li family
It's on Miss Song
Bessie
You believe me, I am really your savior
Mingwei, you helped me on duty and didn't get caught by the manager, right?
I bought it for 20 yuan when I went to the night market a few days ago.
I'll give it to you if you like.
Therefore, Mr. Li
You are because Ji Xue is your savior.
Is that why you decided to marry him?
That night he risked his life to save me
It is my duty to marry her
Not Mingming
Yes, I obviously saved Bei Xie
slightly
I beg you not to expose me
Bei Hyun and I are truly in love
I beg you not to rob him from me
Why am I so lost?
Do I like Shengli Bei Hyun?